Added 'Anticipation' section to Use Cases bitesize sample's readme (#1453)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/learn/bitesize/bitesize-usecases.md

The tutorials that open with each scene use the [Tutorial Framework package](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.learn.iet-framework@4.0/manual/index.html). You can open each tutorial at any time from the **Tutorials** menu.

## The Anticipation scene

> The Anticipation scene provides examples on how to use the Client Anticipation feature of Netcode for GameObjects to implement these use cases: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Anticipation scene demonstrates the Client Anticipation feature of Netcode for GameObjects in the following use cases: 
```

- **AnticipatedNetworkVariable:**

>   - Altering NetworkVariables responsively by anticipating server actions based on player interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Anticipate server actions based on player interaction to change NetworkVariables responsively. 
```

Reviewer: What do the NetworkVariables respond to?

Author: I'm not sure of what you mean with your question. What we want to say is that "we locally alter the value of NetworkVariables, without waiting for a confirmation of the server".

All this stuff is basically "client-side prediction"

>   - Latency compensation for server-controlled values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Reduce the amount of latency caused by values that the server controls.
```

Author: The meaning is different. What we want to say is that "this allows to reduce the _perceived feel_ of existing latency that is very noticeable when a value is controlled by a remote server instead of the local client".
The latency is caused by the internet, not by the change of the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Reduce the appearance of latency caused by changes in values on the server. 
```

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification! Is this more accurate? :)

Author: Not really, let me try to rephrase based on what you wrote:

"Reduce the appearance of latency caused by the time it takes to synchronize changes in values that happen on the server. "

but written like this it's hard to read, which is why "Latency compensation" (or **_Lag Ccmpensation_**, it's the same) is a term we use in the multiplayer gaming industry

Author: P.S: I re-edited my comment above

Reviewer: That helps a lot, how's this? 

```suggestion
  - Compensate for latency that the server causes when it changes a value.
```

>   - Handling incorrect anticipation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Handle incorrect anticipation.
```

Reviewer: Is "anticipation" the same as "prediction"?

Author: Kind of: client side prediction is a specific form of client-side anticipation. Prediction is when the client predicts the outcome of its own inputs before receiving confirmation from the server. Anticipation is that + predicting other player's behaviour.

Unfortunately [our documentation](https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com/netcode/1.9.1/advanced-topics/client-anticipation/) mixes the concepts of prediction with the ones of netcode rollback and changes the definition of anticipation by calling it a "simplified" version of prediction. 

P.S: nobody in the industry ever talks about 'client-side anticipation'. Try googling it, you'll get 0 relevant results. Unfortunately that name was picked by someone some time ago for features of Netcode For GameObjects, and now we need to live with the consequences...

- **AnticipatedNetworkTransform:**

>   - Responsive server-authoritative player movement.

Reviewer: Responsive to what? :D

Author: to local player's input

>   - Smooth movement from other players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Smooth player movement accross clients.
```

Author: I think you meant "across" :P
